docs: update `CONTRIBUTING.md`, PR template (#6983)
pagefaultgames/pokerogue: CONTRIBUTING.md

### 2 - Automatic Testing

PokéRogue uses [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) for automated testing. \
Checking out existing tests in the [test](./test/) folder is a great way to understand how the existing system works, as well as familiarizing yourself with the project as a whole.

#### Writing tests
Most non-trivial changes (*especially bug fixes*) should come along with new test cases.

To create a new test file, run `pnpm test:create` and follow the prompts. \
If the move/ability/etc. you're modifying already has tests, you can add new cases to the test file or edit existing ones.

- Ensure that new test cases:
  - Are deterministic. In other words, the test should never pass or fail when it shouldn't due to randomness. Among other things, this involves ensuring that abilities and moves are never randomly selected.

>   - Are unit tests. If you have made two distinct changes, they should be tested in two separate cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Do not test multiple separate things in the same test case. If you have made two distinct changes, they should be tested in two separate cases.
```
